they are all boys are the week today
here are accounts in San Germano
and today they are here in San Germano
look, we're on YouTube to record
a comment to just make brothel
I thought you understood voice I didn't think that
I understood that there was good but duties
to do this brothel in the province that is
I looked, I wasn't there
but don't tell me crap that whenever
people hear your name there is some
explosion somewhere and was a
beautiful experience there was ok beautiful
experience but you have destroyed the car of the
my neighbor now what will you tell him and I have
any emotion expressed in mario
that moment of madness if inside
something big and they were smoke there was
if the smoke bombs everything there was a brothel
to the misery and bo yes beautiful excuse
sorry shit I'm sorry, I love you so much
I did not understand if you are going to do
this explosion or not you are there e
watch something explode I would n't go
never destroys the car of others
private citizens who pay taxes
as in parents
you hear about parents i know i
your parents who discovered while
ran away from me to do this
commentaries and I feel honored e
honored but they took it well
I don't think he got pissed off that routine gb
it was still the same as mine
mother or you are all my family
slutty whore that is okay come on
let's start evening viewers
obviously they get pissed, I know I know
obviously you can also understand yours
favorite game excites 50 of course and which ones
are your favorite things that you usually do
file on gta 5 so we also have some
advice to our viewers if maybe
they want to fuck more about gta
in short, give us some advice
casino brothel smash something like that
okay mattia but life was not enough for you
real but then I meant a little more
in the specific excuse mimì expressed
evil probably still means
that I'm almost telling you
really nothing to say say
will tell as a person that minute
here it is
boh out of the race here is a question
curious you that you are great
passionate about banks what you think
of bank robbery expansion ti
in short, they liked some thoughts
opinion calls me the bank is the emblem
of mattia wealth but I was not
absolutely talking about the banks i have
used the wrong language for
explain an emotion he is feeling in
that moment I repeat again but then there is
great thing is a video game is not the
real life
it was a moment of emotions then
what balls these motions or okay feel
when bank robberies came out no
your first thought in your head what it is
was second to the bank on a little second
asshole anyway it is usually
with those who play gta here I know when
there is sock I find myself in the middle does ie
cases also in a different sense
ah yes if one of those guys that you are
satisfied with the public session
well enough to talk about games just enough
in short, what do you do in the life of the board?
and then casino splitting something that
yes but enough mattia always brothel that
until here we come to the brothel and casino
in short, you who break things no what
seriously i'm still a student
unfortunately I have always treated everything well
always also done volunteer work not
were a bad person in the sense I have
finally we have resumed mattia
finally finally a serious answer
really thanks thanks
thank you because all the episode that
you say crap and what you do over time
free as well as volunteering e
the student but sincerely the board at
mess a mess then stuff like that though
mattia that is to the sandpaper the blades
first you tell me you are a good person
then now he comes to tell me that yours
favorite activities when not doing a
fucking is making casino brothel and things
similar
look take a curiosity out of me what it is
been your very first brothel by what
Your very first brothel has started
of your life tells heaven in mine
friend called me the afternoon makes me
let's go to this event like this
go fringe in Milan and then they went
manifestation and then you, however, in the middle of the
casino parade not split a bit of stuff
so I saw so many people that
he smashed things I thought fuck though
now still even something in the hands of
break me too and in the end in short
like a huge dickhead
you are set to learn the trade of
breaker a little wild here is good
sincere congratulations
but it was a nice experience there
was but I do not understand that is a sense
simple question why not
it could have been to look at them and just not there
there are other reasons, nothing is a protest
I repeat to politicians and normal people there
a huge gap yes but I don't see which one
be the reason for splitting in the open
campaign my neighbor's car
in short, it is protest but sincerely
I didn't see any discounts because I was really
in the middle of the casino but I in this area
I don't see any other people I hope we can
but it was a nice experience there
he was
there is also another thing and dear mattia
a nice punch in the face
but in that moment I felt that
it looks like it's in and was changing e
there was this behaved like a jerk
or I repeat in the sense therefore I repeat okay
mattia is enough and I can't take it anymore
look i swear you are unbearable
no kids i recommend mattia
subscribe to my channel leave a like
this video only takes two
seconds I also recommend the page
facebook is the other private in the
description of this video me
I recommend
I certainly do indeed thank you for having called it
now where you will go to clean even if not
I have dirty nothing
here, get out of the balls, go and fix
that mess of shit from zelig setti to al
next video
thanks to my father he calls me and tells me
you are a jerk you lost your head but
daddy fuck fuck pussy buoys a protest
on Saturday afternoon